Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org
Shut up.
You're making too much noise and disturbing everyone.
Sorry...
This mother. could you please ask your child to be quiet?
All right. damn it. Shut up!
Who would want to bring a baby on the subway anyway...
It was still during the morning rush hour.
Even for this child. this is just outrageous!
Hello. how are you?
Finally. the call was connected. Where are you?
I'm about to go do some temporary work. What's up?
I'm at the hospital.
How did you end up in the hospital?
I'm pregnant.
Ah?
Sorry. what did you say?
No. nothing.
I know we have broken up. but...
What do you want to do?
You don't know what to do either. do you?
Meet here at 10 o'clock in the morning.
You have never given a clear stance on this issue...
The doctor asked me to give you a call.
Are you listening? - Yes. I am.
So. what do you say?
Are you okay?
Um... Which hospital are you at? I'll go and ask my supervisor for permission to go there.
Don't force yourself. —— I didn't force myself.
I have made up my mind.
Your decision?
I...
Wait a moment. I can't hear you clearly. Hey?
The signal is too poor.
Hello?
There is no signal.
Huh?
The Lost Man
Turn around. turn around
What is this?
Damn it!
Don't go that way.
Exit number zero?
This won't work.
Closed.
There are changes here.
Notes -
Be vigilant for abnormal situations. If any abnormalities occur...
If no abnormalities occur...
Please exit through Exit 8.
Exit from the 8th exit and be vigilant for "abnormal situations"
If any abnormal situation occurs. immediately turn around and return.
If there are no abnormalities. do not turn around and look back.
Please exit through Exit 8.
Be vigilant of any abnormal situations.
If any abnormal situation occurs. immediately turn around and return.
If there are no abnormalities. do not turn around and look back.
Please exit through Exit 8.
Those abnormal situations.
Were those bloodstains an abnormality?
Central Hall
Excuse me. where is Exit 8?
What exactly is an abnormal situation?
Exceptional situation...
What?
Be vigilant of any abnormal situations.
Those abnormal situations. I have to find them... These abnormal situations.
Exit 8.
Dentist.
Escher (Note: Possibly referring to the Dutch painter M.C. Escher. whose works often contain optical illusion elements).
Court Clerk.
Man.
Plastic Surgery.
High-paying positions.
Adapt to life in the subway.
Surveillance camera.
Fire extinguisher box.
Door. Door.
Ventilation opening.
Door.
And then there's more.
Well.
Lockers.
Blind plate.
Photo booth.
Prices have gone up.
Well...
What's wrong?
Damn it!
Exit 8.
Dentist. Esher.
Court clerk. Man.
Plastic surgery...
There is an abnormal situation.
Turn around and go back.
Now you have reached Exit 2.
Exit 8.
Dentist. Esher.
Court clerk. Plastic surgery department.
Man.
High-paying position. Adapt to life in the subway.
Surveillance camera. Fire extinguisher box. Door. Door.
Ventilation opening.
Door. Ventilation opening.
Central Hall
Very good.
OK. there are no abnormal situations.
Exit 8.
Dentist.
Escher.
Man.
Court Clerk.
Plastic Surgery.
High-paying positions.
Adapt to life in the subway.
Surveillance camera.
Fire extinguisher box. Door. Door.
Ventilation opening.
Door. Ventilation opening.
OK. there are no abnormal situations.
Huh?
Where did he go?
There it is.
There are still four (exits) left.
Exit 8.
Dentist. Esher.
Court clerk. Plastic surgery department.
Man.
High-paying positions.
Adapt to life in the subway. Surveillance cameras.
Fire extinguisher box. Door.
Door.
Ventilation opening.
Door. Ventilation opening.
Let's go.
Lockers. One. Two. Three.
One. two. three.
Blind plate. Paper cup. Photo booth.
OK. there are no abnormal situations.
There are still three (exits) left.
Exit 8.
Dentist.
Escher.
Court Clerk. Man.
Well.
Plastic Surgery.
High-paying position. Adapt to life in the subway.
Surveillance camera.
Fire extinguisher box. Door. Door. Ventilation opening.
Is there any abnormal situation?
Door. Ventilation opening.
Finally. I managed to get in touch with you. Where are you?
Where? That's a good question...
Still in the passage.
In the subway?
I wandered around here but couldn't find the exit.
Your sense of direction is still so poor.
I have to hurry over there.
What's wrong?
I...
I can't make a decision.
I really can't make a decision.
What should I do?
Actually. I have thought a lot too.
Really?
Do you know...
Just now on the subway...
... There was a baby who kept crying.
A man was scolding that mother.
However...
No one stepped forward to help her.
All of them were staring at their mobile phone screens.
And that baby kept crying non-stop.
But for me...
I pretended that I didn't see anything either.
Then he followed the others and went along.
Like others.
Like me...
Can one be a good father?
I want to get out from here.
I'm waiting for you.
I'll find the exit and go there right away.
Knight (Note: "Cavalaller" here seems to be a spelling error; it should be "Chevalier". meaning "Knight").
There is an abnormal situation.
Zero (Exit)?
In case of any abnormal situation. immediately turn around and return.
That's exactly what I did.
So. is there nothing unusual?
What?
You are lost.
Are you alone?
Are there any people around you?
This...
... He is no longer a human being.
The Walker
right.
Platform.
All right. let's go.
come here.
Number 8 (Exit). Ventilation opening. Electrical room.
Well. Ventilation opening.
Staff access passage. Fire extinguisher box. Well.
Those posters.
One. two. three. four...
Five. six. seven. Well.
Those lockers.
One. two. three. four. five...
Trash can. Photo booth.
Did you see anything?
Tell me.
Did you see anything strange?
If you don't tell me. I'll have to guess.
Sorry. I scared you.
Come here.
Platform...
Great!
Platform. yes. yes.
Um.
Let's go.
Exit 8.
Ventilation opening. Distribution room. Well.
Let's count those posters together.
One. two. three.
Let me know if you see anything strange.
Five.
Well...
Are you lost?
I can't get out.
If you don't mind. could I walk with you?
Sure.
That boy also seemed to be lost.
Really?
Where do you think we are now?
Who knows?
Do you think...?
... Have we already died?
Are we in hell?
Still in purgatory?
Is this an atonement for our past actions?
Hell?
Do you have anything you regret?
Have I done something I regret?
I was just joking.
This is just an underground passage.
Let's go.
Hurry up.
Is there anything?
It always exists.
... Someone is coming over from that direction.
A man. quite old now.
Are you quite old now?
A person with suspicious behavior.
What's so suspicious about it?
But this time he doesn't seem to be here.
But... Is this considered an abnormal situation?
Well... I...
I said.
Are you really planning to go out?
Don't you rather stay here?
Taking the crowded subway to go to work...
Day after day. it's the same routine.
This must be hell. truly sad.
Sad?
Taking the crowded subway to go to work...
Day after day. it's the same routine.
This is truly hell. How pitiful!
Standing in a crowded subway...
... Go to work. Day after day. it's the same routine.
This is it...
What's going on?
Hello?
Are you okay?
Miss?
What's wrong?
I said...
What a pity!
Taking the crowded subway to go to work.
Day after day. it's the same routine.
This is truly hell. How pitiful!
What is this?
Going to work. day after day. it's all the same routine.
Don't go that way. There's something unusual.
There is an abnormal situation.
Come here.
What was that just now?
Exit No. 6.
Let's go.
There are still two (exits) left.
Exit 8.
Ventilation opening. Power distribution room. Well.
Those posters. One. two...
... three. four. five.
That monster.
Five. six. seven.
Is everything okay? That's great. right?
If we make a wrong judgment. we will never be able to get out.
What's wrong?
Are you scared again?
It's okay. Everything will be fine.
I'm telling you. it's okay.
All right. let's go.
Come on. come here.
Those lockers. One. two. three. four...
Trash can. Photo booth.
There are no abnormal situations. It's great.
Why didn't you pay more attention?
Damn those precautions.
What a mess!
I'm in a hurry.
I was supposed to visit my child today.
Why (is this the case)?
Sorry.
Shall we go?
OK... Well.
Let's go. We still need to head for Exit 8.
It's still Exit No. 8.
exit.
Yes. finally found it.
I can go out now.
Come on! Finally. we can go out now.
Come here.
This is not my fault.
It's not my fault.
There is an abnormal situation.
So. is this not an abnormal situation?
What?
You are lost.
Are you alone?
Are there any people around you?
This...
... He is no longer a human being.
Door. Fire extinguisher box. Door.
Ventilation opening.
Door.
There are no abnormal circumstances.
Won't you come over?
Turn around and go back. turn around and go back
That boy
Won't you come over?
Lockers. One. two. three. One. two. three.
Blind plate. Paper cup. Photo booth.
There are no abnormal circumstances.
Zero (Exit) ...
We have to start all over again.
Exit 8.
Dentist.
Escher.
Court Clerk.
Man.
Plastic Surgery. High-paying position.
Adapt to life in the subway. Surveillance cameras.
Fire extinguisher box. Door. Door.
Ventilation opening. Door.
Ventilation opening.
Look.
It seems that there has been a change here.
There is an abnormal situation.
There is an abnormal situation here.
Hey.
Damn it!
We have to start all over again.
Let's go.
Exit 8.
Dentist.
Escher.
Court Clerk.
Man.
Plastic Surgery. High-paying position.
Adapt to life in the subway. Surveillance cameras.
Fire extinguisher box.
Door. Door. Ventilation opening.
Door. Ventilation opening. Well.
There are no abnormal circumstances.
Come on. come here.
There is an abnormal situation.
We turned around and went back.
Well.
Export...
What?
My mobile phone...
Well.
Number Three (Exit).
Huh? But this is...
Mom? - Mm?
Sorry. Mom.
What? Mom?
Mom. -- No.
This is not your mother. -- Mother.
Let go of me. -- No way.
You've mistaken the person.
Mom.
We turned around and went back. -- Mom.
Mom...
What do you want to do?
Are you okay?
Did you get separated from your mother?
It was done on purpose.
I did this on purpose...
Got separated from her.
Why?
I want her to come to me.
Ah?
I did the same thing before.
Are you afraid of your mother too?
In case she gets angry.
I think all mothers are like this.
Then what about your father?
I have never seen him.
I understand.
I haven't seen my father either.
All right. you need to find your mother.
I should go back now.
Let's go.
We set off.
Exit 8.
It's reversed.
Indeed. this sign is upside down.
Turn around and go back.
There are still three (exits) left.
Exit 8.
Dentist. Esher.
Court Clerk.
Man.
Plastic Surgery.
High-paying position. Adapt to life in the subway.
Tell me.
If we could go out. what would you like to do?
Eat pizza. - Eat pizza?
Eat that kind of pizza filled with cheese.
That's wonderful!
As for me. I...
I'm not quite sure (what to do) either.
It's really beautiful.
Here you are.
Used to protect you.
Protect me?
Thank you.
Let's go.
There are still two (exits) left.
Exit 8.
Well. -- OK.
Dentist. Esher.
Court Clerk. -- Man.
Well.
Plastic Surgery. High-paying position.
Adapt to life in the subway. Surveillance cameras.
Well. -- OK.
Fire extinguisher box. Door.
Come here.
He will get wet.
Definitely.
Dad.
What do you want to do?
Huh?
He is calling you.
Come on. Dad!
Sometimes. I also have doubts.
So...
Is it really nice to meet someone?
No one knows which path is the right one.
But everything will get better.
You will take good care of this child.
One day. he will also protect you.
Mom.
What's wrong?
He is really handsome.
Treat him as a lucky charm.
This is to protect you. Dad.
You are hugging too tightly.
Sorry.
Let's go.
Shall we play together? Is that okay?
Be careful! Run fast!
Everything will be fine.
Just one (exit) left...
Exit 8.
Dentist.
Escher.
Court Clerk.
Man.
Plastic Surgery. High-paying position.
Adapt to life in the subway. Surveillance cameras.
Fire extinguisher box. Door.
Door. Ventilation opening. Door.
Ventilation opening.
Lockers. One. two. three...
Paper cups. Shading panels. Photo booth.
There are no abnormal circumstances.
Let's go.
Hello?
Hello.
Where are you?
I'm still in the hospital.
I'm on my way there.
What do you want to do?
Well...
I'm almost there.
Shut up.
You're making too much noise and disturbing everyone.
Sorry...
This mother. could you please ask your child to be quiet?
All right. damn it. Shut up!
Who would want to bring a baby on the subway anyway...
It was during the peak hours.
Even for this child. this is just outrageous!
What kind of look are you wearing?
Did I say something wrong?
Ah!
Yeonhyeon (Note: "eHyeona" is suspected to be a variant spelling of the Korean name "Yeonhyeon". Here. it is transliterated as "妍贤". possibly the name of a character
Claude-Alfred Debussy authorized
Composer: Claude Achille Debussy  Authorizing Party: Z/95
Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today